---
layout: post
title: Resume
---

## Experience
----
#### [Greensky Games](https://www.greensky.games/)           (Full-time, May 2023 - Present)
- **Senior Game Developer (February 2024 - Present)**
  - Refactored, polished, and improved open-world multiplayer systems to ready the game for release.
- **Intermediate Game Developer (May 2024 - February 2024)**
  - Designed and developed the game's item economy, serving as a Technical Game Designer for the team.
  - Engineered loot distribution and resource management systems; implemented data-driven balancing using analytics telemetry and user research insights.
  - Spearheaded UX and game feel refinement initiatives focused on gameplay satisfaction and core engagement loops.
  - Worked directly with the art team to integrate assets into gameplay content,including visual effects, 3D models, animations, and animation rigs.
- **Junior Game Developer (May 2023 - May 2024)**
  - Developed the studio’s proprietary grabbable object system, with support for physics and weight integration.
  - Architected and implemented a comprehensive inventory management solution from concept to deployment, including networked replication protocols and performance optimizations.
  - Designed and developed an ordnance (grenade) system with configurable trigger conditions and payload execution parameters for a versatile combat experience.


#### [Shoebox](https://shoebox.md)           (Full-time, January 2021 - May 2023)
- **Senior full-stack web developer (March 2023 - Present)**
  - Implemented several key features and refactors for the customer facing web portal.
  - Hosts the company-facing feature demo presentations.
- **Full-stack web developer on the company's professional integrations team (January 2021 - March 2023)**
  - Worked on the implementation of a secure file management system.
  - Expanded on the patient importing feature for the web-portal service.
  - Implemented an improved method for receiving error logs from production services.
  - Implemented features to support an SFTP framework
  - Daily interaction with React-Redux Javascript, Java, and SQL.
  - Agile environment



#### [Shoebox](https://shoebox.md)           (Internship, Summer 2018 & 2019)
Front-end and Full-stack web developer on the company's internal operations web tool for a combined total of 8 months.
- Wrote and refactored React-Redux Javascript code.
- Wrote and refactored Java back-end code.
- Worked with an SQL database
- Agile environment



#### [Canadian Internet Registration Authority](https://cira.ca/)           (Internship, Summer 2017)
Web developer on an internet performance test web application. [CIRA IPT](https://performance.cira.ca/).
- Wrote and refactored Django back-end python code
- Created and edited Javascript front-end pages and panels.
- Worked with PostgreSQL databases creating tables, queries and views.
- Created Python scripts used to handle large csv files containing internet performance data for cities.
- Updated the postal code GIS regions and GIS region detection system for the data map.
- Agile environment



#### [Halogen Software (now Saba Software)](https://www.saba.com/)           (Internship, Summer 2016)
I implemented the testing framework for a web tool designed to automate commonly used processes in technical solutions.
- Created unit tests for the middleware Node.js server
- Used the Protractor library to end-to-end test the front-end
- Worked with the Angular JS framework
- Learned Agile/Kanban methodologies


## Skills
----

#### Programming and technology

- Languages: C#, Java, Javascript, Python, SQL, Bash, Haskell, and C
- Unity game development engine experience, including UnityXR, Profiling, Optimization, 3D mathematics, applied linear algebra, and the Unity Universal Render Pipeline
- Technical Game Design, Balancing Game Design
- Proficient with GitLabs, Github, Mercurial, and Tortoise version control platforms 
- Completed courses in: machine learning, game architecture, game engines, computer graphics, cognitive science, and linear algebra
- Programming contests: Canadian Computing Competition, Educational Computing Contest


## Education
----
- Queen’s University Bachelor of Computing (Hons.) in Software Design, with a specialty of Game Development (June 2020)
- Grade 12 Canterbury High School, Vocal Arts Program	(September 2012 – June 2016)


## Programming aptitude examples ##

----
### Project Prototyping
I am currently working on a template Unity project that I use for prototyping design ideas, and fun coding challenges!

GitHub: [Aurica Repository](https://github.com/ElliotHume/Aurica).

---

### Personal project for learning game system design
Aurica is a multiplayer action-strategy game where players face each other and monsters in magical battles with an incredibly deep magic system. I go into much more detail about the development process and how the game works on the GitHub page linked below.

GitHub: [Aurica Repository](https://github.com/ElliotHume/Aurica).

---

### Personal project for learning Unity VR game development
To learn VR game development I created a VR game in Unity for the Oculus Quest VR headset. Labyrinthian is a single-player puzzle game where the player uses magic to progress through increasingly challenging puzzles. I go into more detail about the development process and how the game works on the GitHub page linked below.

GitHub: [Labyrinthian](https://github.com/ElliotHume/LabyrinthianVR).

---

### University capstone project and personal project
Runic Warfare is the game that I created in partnership with Ian Hume and Eric Du for our university capstone project. The game is a networked PvP magic dueling game. We originally created this game as a PC game, but in the summer of 2020 I personally expanded the game to include VR gameplay for the Oculus Quest.

I go into more detail in my [blog post about Runic Warfare](https://elliothume.github.io/RunicWarfare/) and I encourage you to check out the game trailer there, or on the GitHub page linked below.

GitHub: [Runic Warfare](https://github.com/Humeian/Runic-Warfare).

---


#### Personal project for learning Java
Magicks Dominion is a player-vs-player game where opponents compete for resources and territory through rituals and battles. The objective is to eradicate the opposing player.

Github: [Magicks Dominion](http://github.com/elliothume/magicks-dominion).

---

#### Personal project for learning Web development
[Enigma](https://elliothume.github.io/Enigma/).







## Interests ##

----

- Bass singer in Toronto's Exultate Chamber Choir


----
****
