---
layout: post
title: Enigma
---

## A challenging riddle game
----
This game is personal project I use as a tutorial for learning languages. I have written this game in Java, Python and now as a web page.
The game is very challenging and using google is almost necessary (unless you want a real challenge).

How to play is simple. The rules are as follows:
- Answer the puzzles by typing in the command box and pressing enter to submit.
- You may skip up to 3 questions by using the keyword "skip" or by pressing the skip button in the top right corner
- You may use google for questions that have a green check mark in the top left corner, you may not if there is a red x.
- Do not cheat. This game uses an honor system. I am aware that there are ways to cheat and I ask that you would please not use them.
- At any time you may restart by pressing the restart button in the top right corner, there is no limit to the amount of attempts you have.
- Have fun! Please do not take the game too seriously, it is designed to be a fun challenge for those who enjoy puzzles and brain teasers.
- Lastly, all victors may submit a puzzle to be added to the Enigma once approved by myself. If you do solve the Enigma, send me an email with a screen shot of the victory screen and your puzzle that you wish to add, I will check the log files to make sure your victory is legitimate and then will add your puzzle to the game so long as I find it to be well fit for the Enigma. Your submitted puzzle must include the puzzle's title, the puzzle question, all acceptable answers, an image(if it is a visual puzzle), and a true/false for if the player can use google. Please keep the puzzle answers to a maximum of 3-4 words (no sentences or complex theories).

Play now!:
[Enigma](https://elliothume.github.io/enigma.html)
