---
layout: post
title: Aurica
---
## Wield powerful and diverse magic in a strategic battle between mages. Every player is unique, with a pseudo-randomly generated Aura that interacts with every spell you cast and every hit you take. Aurica has a magic system with unparralled depth and intricacy. The ceiling for growth in Aurica is limited only by your dedication. ##


# Description #
Players face each other in multiplayer battles of skilled spell casting. To do this well players must learn the strengths of their own pseudo-randomly generated Aura. A player's Aura is a distribution of mana types that interact with spell casting to make spells stronger or weaker depending on how the mana in the spell is balanced.

There are a wealth of spell options to choose from in each battle, with over 70 unique spells implemented and more being developed constantly.

### Novel features ###
The intent of the magic system is to create a novel system for spell-casting that has incredible depth but maintains a low barrier of entry for casual players. Some key features of the system include:

- **Unique player Auras:** every player has a completely unique Aura that influences how the magic system works for them.
- **Personality-based strengths:** take the quiz or randomly roll your Aura to shape the magic system to your preferences.
- **Classless spell-casting:** every player can cast any spell at any time.
- **Glyph drawing:** spell components can be drawn on the screen with glyphs to cast spells and rebind your loadout on the fly!
- **Spell crafting:** spells can be crafted using components to have enhanced effects at the cost of additional mana.
- **10 mana types:** many different mana types each with their own lore, unique spell-styles and type identities!
- **Cultivation:** participating in PvP matches or defeating tough enemies in adventure mode earns cultivation to develop your Aura.

### [See it on GitHub](https://github.com/ElliotHume/Aurica) ###
**The GitHub page is usually the most up-to-date source of content for this project.**

# [WIP] #
## Gameplay and Design ##
### Premise ###


### Motivations for unfairness ###


### Challenges ###


### Finding the fun ###




----
****
